.github/readme/partials/documentation/setup/shared.md, before:

# 💕 Using the shared instance (~1 min)

For convenience, a free shared instance is available at [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) without any additional setup.

## 0️ Setup a personal repository

Create a repository with the same name as your GitHub login (if it doesn't exist).

![Setup personal repository](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_personal_repository.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![Setup personal repository](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_personal_repository.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

Its `README.md` will be displayed on your user profile:

![GitHub Profile Example](/.github/readme/imgs/example_github_profile.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![GitHub Profile Example](/.github/readme/imgs/example_github_profile.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

## 2️ Configure *metrics*

Visit [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) and start playing around!

> ⚠️ Some plugins are not available on the web instance. Consider using [GitHub action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/metrics-embed) to enjoy all features!

![metrics.lecoq.io](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_shared.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![metrics.lecoq.io](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_shared.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

> ⚠️ This service is hosted on a small server that I rent. It is provided free of charge so please be gentle with it 😅 Availability not guaranteed!

> 💕 If you really enjoy this service, consider [sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/lowlighter) to help me cover server costs!

## 3️ Add images to your profile `README.md`

Update profile `README.md` to include rendered image.

*Example: add rendered image with markdown*
```markdown
![Metrics](https://metrics.lecoq.io/username)
```

> ⚠️ Images are cached for 1 hour after being rendered. They **won't be updated** during this time window when queried again. However it is possible to manually update them by using [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) again

Commit message:

docs(app/web): add mention of beta-metrics.lecoq.io

.github/readme/partials/documentation/setup/shared.md, after:

# 💕 Using the shared instance (~1 min)

For convenience, a free shared instance is available at [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) without any additional setup.

## 0️ Setup a personal repository

Create a repository with the same name as your GitHub login (if it doesn't exist).

![Setup personal repository](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_personal_repository.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![Setup personal repository](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_personal_repository.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

Its `README.md` will be displayed on your user profile:

![GitHub Profile Example](/.github/readme/imgs/example_github_profile.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![GitHub Profile Example](/.github/readme/imgs/example_github_profile.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

## 2️ Configure *metrics*

Visit [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) and start playing around!

> ⚠️ Some plugins are not available on the web instance. Consider using [GitHub action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/metrics-embed) to enjoy all features!

> ℹ️ [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) always run on [latest release](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/releases/latest). To test upcoming releases, use [beta-metrics.lecoq.io](https://beta-metrics.lecoq.io), which always run on `@master` instead.

![metrics.lecoq.io](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_shared.light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![metrics.lecoq.io](/.github/readme/imgs/setup_shared.dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

> ⚠️ This service is hosted on a small server that I rent. It is provided free of charge so please be gentle with it 😅 Availability not guaranteed!

> 💕 If you really enjoy this service, consider [sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/lowlighter) to help me cover server costs!

## 3️ Add images to your profile `README.md`

Update profile `README.md` to include rendered image.

*Example: add rendered image with markdown*
```markdown
![Metrics](https://metrics.lecoq.io/username)
```

> ⚠️ Images are cached for 1 hour after being rendered. They **won't be updated** during this time window when queried again. However it is possible to manually update them by using [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io) again
