source/templates/markdown/example.md, before:

# 📒 Markdown template example

This is a markdown template example which explain the basic usage of this template.

See [rendering of this file here](https://github.com/lowlighter/lowlighter/blob/master/metrics.markdown.full.md) and [original template source here](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/master/source/templates/markdown/example.md).

## 🈂️ Templating syntax:

* Regular EJS syntax is supported
* `{{` and `}}` will be interpolated as EJS brackets (syntaxic sugar)
  * `{%` and `%}` can be used as control statements
* Use [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io/) with `config.output=json` to see available data
  * You can also use `config_output: json` in GitHub Actions and/or inspect [metrics](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics) code to get available data too
* Same formatting helpers available in templates can be used too

```markdown
I joined GitHub on `{{ f.date(REGISTRATION_DATE, {dateStyle:"short"}) }}`.
I contributed to `{{ REPOSITORIES_CONTRIBUTED_TO }}` repositories and made `{{ COMMITS }}` commits.
```

## 🧩 Markdown plugins

Most of plugins from SVG templates can be reused directly by including image source in markdown, but some have them have their own **markdown** version which includes hyperlinks and reduce image overhead.

See [compatibility matrix](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics#-templateplugin-compatibily-matrix) for more informations.

___

<%- await include(`partials/activity.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/posts.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/rss.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/tweets.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/topics.ejs`) %>

Commit message:

Add `embed` method in markdown plugin (#263)

source/templates/markdown/example.md, after:

# 📒 Markdown template example

This is a markdown template example which explain the basic usage of this template.

See [rendering of this file here](https://github.com/lowlighter/lowlighter/blob/master/metrics.markdown.full.md) and [original template source here](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/master/source/templates/markdown/example.md).

## 🈂️ Templating syntax:

* Regular EJS syntax is supported
* `{{` and `}}` will be interpolated as EJS brackets (syntaxic sugar)
  * `{%` and `%}` can be used as control statements
* Use [metrics.lecoq.io](https://metrics.lecoq.io/) with `config.output=json` to see available data
  * You can also use `config_output: json` in GitHub Actions and/or inspect [metrics](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics) code to get available data too
* Same formatting helpers available in templates can be used too

```markdown
I joined GitHub on `{{ f.date(REGISTRATION_DATE, {dateStyle:"short"}) }}`.
I contributed to `{{ REPOSITORIES_CONTRIBUTED_TO }}` repositories and made `{{ COMMITS }}` commits.
```

<%- await embed({isocalendar:true}) %>

## 🧩 Plugins

### Using markdown plugins

Some plugins have their own **markdown** version which includes hyperlinks and reduce image overhead.

See [compatibility matrix](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics#-templateplugin-compatibily-matrix) for more informations.

___

<%- await include(`partials/activity.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/posts.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/rss.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/tweets.ejs`) %>

___

<%- await include(`partials/topics.ejs`) %>

### Embedding SVG metrics

You can also generate "on-the-fly" SVGs metrics image using the `embed` function:

<%- await embed({isocalendar:true, isocalendar_duration:"full-year"}) %>

Available configuration options are mostly the same as [action.yml](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/master/action.yml). Note that tokens options must **not** be passed to this function. These will be automatically passed down when defined in your workflow job.
